+++
author = "TaiZe"
title = "TaiZe's New Product RomTides is Grandly Launched"
date = "2024-12-06"
description = "TaiZe's New Product Launch"
image = "/img/blog/20241206.png"
hide_featured_image = true
tags = ["RomTides", "Docs", "Video"]
+++

An Intelligent Data Modeling and Model Order Reduction Platform for Industrial Digitalization. <!--more--> 


The adjustable nozzle ring is an essential component in a radial turbine. It directs the high-temperature, high-pressure airflow from the upstream components into the impeller at a specific angle, imparting a certain circumferential velocity to the impeller.

Since the incoming flow consists of high-temperature, high-pressure gas, and the fluid medium may be somewhat corrosive, the adjustable nozzle ring must resist high temperature, corrosion, and strength. Common materials include stainless steel (SS304, 303, 316, 316L), silicon carbide, and ceramics.

The working principle of the adjustable nozzle ring is to achieve optimal matching with the machine at various speeds by changing the flow passage cross-sectional area of the turbine. In turbochargers, when the engine operates at low speeds, the nozzle ring blades can be rotated to reduce the nozzle ring's cross-sectional area, thereby increasing the turbine speed and boost pressure, ensuring sufficient boost pressure and air intake at low speeds. When the engine is operating at high speeds, the nozzle ring blades rotate in the opposite direction, increasing the cross-sectional area of the nozzle ring, thus lowering the turbine speed and preventing the turbocharger from over speeding. This design allows the radial turbine to perform optimally under different working conditions.

Radial turbines with adjustable nozzle rings are widely used in the petroleum and chemical, power generation, food processing, pharmaceuticals, metallurgy and environmental protection, energy recovery, aerospace, and automotive industries. This wide range of applications demonstrates the adjustable nozzle ring's strong adaptability.







