+++
author = "Taize"
title = "Tai Ze 2024 Technology Exchange Series: GO ON!"
date = "2024-06-28"
description = "Taize"
image = "/img/blog/20240628.png"
tags = [
    "markdown",
    "text",
]
+++

The field of industrial software is even more critical than chips in terms of constraints. To ensure China's industrial security and the sustainable development of its industries, the development of industrial software has received significant attention, especially the autonomy and controllability of software in special fields, which have been elevated to a highly important status. Tai Ze Technology, as a company specializing in the design and development of CAE industrial software, has accumulated years of industrial knowledge. We continuously upgrade our products and keep launching new products that meet market demands in the field of industrial software design and development.

To provide a platform for more professionals to learn from each other and communicate, since April 2021, Tai Ze Technology has been organizing experienced industrial software design professionals from home and abroad to conduct free online live broadcasts and offline exchange activities. We hope to work together with everyone to make our due contribution to the advancement of industrial software design, development, and application in China.

Starting in July this year, Tai Ze Technology will launch eight free professional technical exchange sessions, and we look forward to bringing you even more exciting content. Below is the specific content and schedule of the exchange sessions for your reference.
